### 1. Name

The name of the Society shall be "The Cambridge University Estonian
Society" hereafter referred to as "the Society".

### 2. Objects

(1) The Society's aims shall be to promote Estonian culture at the
University of Cambridge and support new Estonian students at the
University. The Society also acts as a source of information for
Estonians who are interested in studying in Cambridge.

(2) In pursuance of its aims the Society organises meetings at least
once in every two months and once a year invites people from Estonia
either to perform or talk. The Society also maintains a mailing list
of the members of the society.

### 3. Membership

(1) Membership of the Society shall be open to all members of the
University and any others that have an interest in Estonia, its
culture and/or language. Membership shall be approved by the Executive
Committee of the Society.

(2) The Society may offer Life Membership and Honorary Membership on
such terms as it may decide.

(3) The Executive Committee may expel any member whose conduct seems
likely to bring the Society into disrepute. Such expulsion shall be
subject to confirmation at the next General Meeting of the Society.

### 4. The Executive Committee

(1) The day-to-day management of the Society's affairs shall be in the
hands of the Executive Committee, which shall normally be elected at
the Annual General Meeting (AGM).

(2) The Executive Committee shall consist of a President,
Vice-President, Secretary, Social Secretary, and Junior Treasurer, IT
Officer who shall be elected by the members as in 4(1). Every member
of the Society may propose themselves to run for a position in the
Committee. Voting shall be by secret ballot and if there are more than
two candidates for a post or more than two options on a motion, voting
shall be by Single Transferable Vote. In addition there shall be a
Senior Treasurer, who shall be a resident member of the Senate or
other person approved by the Junior Proctor. The Senior Treasurer
shall be appointed by the elected members of the Executive Committee
and shall be ex officio a member of the Executive Committee.

(3) A majority of the elected members of the Executive Committee shall
be fulltime or part-time undergraduate or postgraduate students of the
University.

(4) Meetings of the Executive Committee shall be chaired by the
President or in his or her absence the Vice-President. If neither the
President nor Vice-President is present, the remaining members shall
elect a chairperson for that meeting. The quorum for a meeting of the
Executive Committee shall be three members and a written record of
each meeting shall be kept.

### 5. General Meetings

(1) The Society shall hold an Annual General Meeting (AGM) during each
academic year. The AGM shall be held in Cambridge during Michaelmas
Full Term. All Members, other than Honorary Members, shall be entitled
to attend and vote at any General Meeting. At least fourteen days
written notice shall be given to members before the AGM.

(2) The AGM shall approve Minutes of the last General Meeting and the
Society's Accounts for the preceding year, elect the Executive
Committee for the year ahead and conduct such other business as is
necessary.

(3) An Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) may be held at any time
during Full Term. It shall be held in Cambridge and may be called by
the Executive Committee or at the written request of at least ten
members. Twenty-one days written notice shall be given to members
before an EGM is held. An EGM shall have the same powers as an AGM.

(4) The President or in his or her absence the Vice-President shall
take the Chair at any General Meeting. In the absence of the President
and Vice-President the meeting shall elect a Chairperson for that
meeting. The quorum for a General Meeting shall be five members and a
written record of every General Meeting shall be kept.

(5) The Constitution may be amended only at a General Meeting. Any
change to the Constitution has to be approved by two thirds majority.

### 6. Financial Matters

(1) The Society shall maintain a banking account with a suitable Bank
or Building Society to hold the Society's funds.

(2) It shall be the responsibility of the Junior Treasurer to ensure
that money received is properly accounted for and that the Society's
financial records are kept in good order.

(3) The Senior Treasurer shall make arrangements for the Society's
Accounts to be properly audited, either by himself or herself, or by
some other person approved under University Ordinances.

(4) The Senior Treasurer shall not be liable for any financial debt or
other obligation of the Society unless he or she has personally
authorised such a debt in writing.

(5) For so long as the Society shall be Registered with the Junior
Proctor, it shall be the duty of the Executive Committee to ensure
that the Society complies with the requirements for Registration as a
University Society.

### 7. Dissolution

(1) The Society may be dissolved at a General Meeting provided that at
least Twenty-one days written notice of the intention to dissolve the
Society has been given to the members. At least two thirds of those
present and voting at the General Meeting must vote in favour of the
motion for Dissolution for it to be effective.

(2) Any motion for Dissolution of the Society shall provide that
assets remaining after all liabilities have been met shall be
transferred either to another Registered University Society, or to the
Society's Syndicate.
